<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN">
<html>
<head>
  <title>Meeting Minutes</title>
   	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles/minimal-table.css" type="text/css">
</head>

<body>
<!-- Site navigation menu -->
<ul class="navbar">
	<li><a href="topic.html">Home</a>
   	<li><a href="https://www.dropbox.com/sh/mjyajw349thbj61/AAAAGNBVWF_0VHEPafZjLaHPa/00%20Videos%20of%20Lectures%20S1%202020?dl=0&subfolder_nav_tracking=1">Meeting Minutes</a>
	<li><a href="process.html">Process Support</a>
	</ul>




<h1>Meeting Minutes</h1><br>


<hr/>

<p>
	<b>Overview</b>
	<br>
	<br>
	Our conversations and discussions were mostly done in our Facebook group chat as it was difficult to find a time for a meeting that suited for everyone.
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
	<b>Group Call 1 &#8211 18th April 2022</b>
	<br>
	<br>
	Samantha Heuss, Nghia Pham, Jamie Lee
	<br>
	<br>
	This group call was held on Teams. 
	We discussed what to choose as our main topic, what each of us should research, and briefly about Proposal.
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
	<b>Lab Tutorial Meeting 1 &#8211 4th May 2022</b>
	<br>
	<br>
	Samantha Heuss, Nghia Pham, Jamie Lee
	<br>
	<br>
	The meeting was held during lab tutorial. 
	We dug deeper into our topic, decided to make some changes on our main topic to focus on one main thing instead of many small things. 
	Our roles have become clearer, and what to research and what to focus on was discussed with our lab teacher as well.
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
	<b>Group Call 2 &#8211 4th May 2022</b>
	<br>
	<br>
	Samantha Heuss, Nghia Pham, Jamie Lee
	<br>
	<br>
	This meeting was to record our proposal presentation. 
	We made some tweaks on our presentation slide, reviewed who will say which part, etc. 
	After the recording was done, we made sure that each of us understood their roles.
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
	<b>Group Call 3 &#8211 31st May 2022</b>
	<br>
	<br>
	Samantha Heuss, Nghia Pham, Jamie Lee
	<br>
	<br>
	In this meeting, we created our presentation slides together, had in depth conversation to understand each member&#x27s points to make our contents to have a good flow.
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
	<b>Short Meeting &#8211 1st June 2022</b>
	<br>
	<br>
	Smantha Heuss, Nghia Pham, Jamie Lee
	<br>
	<br>
	As our discussions and check ins were mostly held in our group chat, we decided to meet shortly before the lab tutorial to go over our materials prior to presentation. 
	We read each other&#x27s work to see if there was anything to improve.
</p>

<address>Made 8th June<br>
	by Team 1402.</address> 
	
</body>


	
</html>